---
layout: post
title: Join the official Discord server!
date: 2022-07-10 21:41
author: yeahgamesdevs
comments: true
categories: [Discord, Other useful information]
tags: [agincourt-road-public-school, bots, clubs, discord school hangouts, discord-server, free discord servers, join now]
C: Main
---

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

<p><strong>JOIN OUR OFFICIAL DISCORD SERVER:</strong></p>
<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:buttons -->

<div class="wp-block-buttons"><!-- wp:button {"width":50,"style":{"color":{"text":"#7289da"}},"className":"is-style-outline","fontSize":"medium"} -->
<div class="wp-block-button has-custom-width wp-block-button__width-50 has-custom-font-size is-style-outline has-medium-font-size"><a class="wp-block-button__link has-text-color wp-element-button" href="https://dsc.gg/yeahgames" style="color:#7289da;"><strong>CLICK TO JOIN THE SERVER NOW</strong>!</a></div></div>

<p>Or share it with your friends with these links:<br><a href="http://dsc.gg/yeahgames"><strong>dsc.gg/yeahgames</strong></a></p>

**[yeahgames.net/discord](https://www.yeahgames.net/discord)**

<hr class="wp-block-separator has-alpha-channel-opacity" />

<h1>About the server</h1>

This is where it all started. We founded yEAh Games as it is today on Discord; the original messages are even still accessible.<br>Active as ever, the server offers countless activities and frequent events, along with, of course, the opportunities to chat with other members.</p>

<p>We're the largest (online) school club at Agincourt (but it doesn't matter, we have and accept members from all over)! Join us, and, here and in-person, you'll be able to chat with your friends and other members, as well as be able to participate in exclusive events. Anyone is welcome!</p>

<p>The yEAh Games server is one of the few official ways to be part of the community. You do not <em>need</em> to have Discord to be part of yEAh Games, but it's highly recommended to avoid missing out.</p>

<p>If something is wrong or you don't feel comfortable joining/being in the server, please talk to a moderator.</p>
<h1>Our community</h1>

Here, you can play online versions of games developed by yEAh Games, chat with other members, mess around with cool bots, test new features, listen to cool music, AND SO MUCH MORE!
​
We also have multiple bot economy systems, that we’ve developed, including mining, as well as bot economy systems already developed (e.g., Dank Memer). Cross-trading between our economy systems is hoping to come soon, to create a like-real-life economy, with different currencies, items, rules, commands, privileges, etc.!

One of our bots, that a member developed, has over 160 commands and lots of them are very cool...

Not to mention, we have en entire language, math system, and history curriculum developed as part of our Ychool (school) program!

​Our server welcomes everyone, everyone is welcome to join! In our server, everyone can feel safe as any type of discrimination, whether indirect, as a joke, or complete directed and discriminatory is not tolerated.

Please read the rules when you first join the server to be familiarized with how to act.

<p><strong>JOIN BY CLICKING <a href="http://dsc.gg/yeahgames">HERE</a>!</strong></p>
